docs/terraform.md, before:

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| environment | Environment name | string | `` | no |
| health_check_healthy_threshold | The number of consecutive health checks successes required before healthy | string | `2` | no |
| health_check_interval | The duration in seconds in between health checks | string | `15` | no |
| health_check_matcher | The HTTP response codes to indicate a healthy check | string | `200-399` | no |
| health_check_path | The destination for the health check request | string | `/` | no |
| health_check_timeout | The amount of time to wait in seconds before failing a health check request | string | `10` | no |
| health_check_unhealthy_threshold | The number of consecutive health check failures required before unhealthy | string | `2` | no |
| hosts | Hosts to match in Hosts header, at least one of hosts or paths must be set | list | `<list>` | no |
| listener_arns | A list of ALB listener ARNs to attach ALB listener rule to | list | `<list>` | no |
| listener_arns_count | The number of ARNs in `listener_arns`. This is necessary to work around a limitation in Terraform where counts cannot be computed | string | `2` | no |
| name | Resource common name | string | - | yes |
| paths | Path pattern to match (a maximum of 1 can be defined), at least one of hosts or paths must be set | list | `<list>` | no |
| port | The port for generated ALB target group (if target_group_arn not set) | string | `80` | no |
| priority | The priority for the rule between 1 and 50000 (1 being highest priority) | string | `100` | no |
| project | Account/Project Name | string | - | yes |
| protocol | The protocol for generated ALB target group (if target_group_arn not set) | string | `HTTP` | no |
| tags | Tags to apply on repository | map | `<map>` | no |
| vpc_id | The VPC ID where resources are created | string | - | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| target_group_arn | ALB Target group ARN |
| target_group_arn_suffix | ALB Target group ARN suffix |
| target_group_name | ALB Target group name |

Commit message:

feat(alarms): Configure SNS and CloudWatch alarms for ALB Target Group

docs/terraform.md, after:

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| alb_arn_suffix | ARN suffix of the ALB for the Target Group. Required for alarms. | string | `` | no |
| alb_name | Name of the ALB for the Target Group. Required for alarms. | string | `` | no |
| alb_target_group_alarms_3xx_threshold | The maximum number of 3XX HTTPCodes in a given period for ECS Service | string | `25` | no |
| alb_target_group_alarms_4xx_threshold | The maximum number of 4XX HTTPCodes in a given period for ECS Service | string | `25` | no |
| alb_target_group_alarms_5xx_threshold | The maximum number of 5XX HTTPCodes in a given period for ECS Service | string | `25` | no |
| alb_target_group_alarms_alarm_actions | A list of ARNs (i.e. SNS Topic ARN) to execute when ALB Target Group alarms transition into an ALARM state from any other state | list | `<list>` | no |
| alb_target_group_alarms_enabled | A boolean to enable/disable CloudWatch Alarms for ALB Target metrics | string | `false` | no |
| alb_target_group_alarms_evaluation_periods | The number of periods to analyze for ALB CloudWatch Alarms | string | `1` | no |
| alb_target_group_alarms_insufficient_data_actions | A list of ARNs (i.e. SNS Topic ARN) to execute when ALB Target Group alarms transition into an INSUFFICIENT_DATA state from any other state | list | `<list>` | no |
| alb_target_group_alarms_notify_arns | A list of ARNs (i.e. SNS Topic ARN) to execute when this alarm transitions into ANY state from any other state. May be overridden by the value of a more specific {alarm,ok,insufficient_data}_actions variable. | list | `<list>` | no |
| alb_target_group_alarms_ok_actions | A list of ARNs (i.e. SNS Topic ARN) to execute when ALB Target Group alarms transition into an OK state from any other state | list | `<list>` | no |
| alb_target_group_alarms_period | The period (in seconds) to analyze for ALB CloudWatch Alarms | string | `300` | no |
| alb_target_group_alarms_response_time_threshold | The maximum ALB Target Group response time | string | `0.5` | no |
| alb_target_group_alarms_treat_missing_data | Sets how alarms handle missing data points. Values supported: missing, ignore, breaching and notBreaching. | string | `missing` | no |
| environment | Environment name | string | `` | no |
| health_check_healthy_threshold | The number of consecutive health checks successes required before healthy | string | `2` | no |
| health_check_interval | The duration in seconds in between health checks | string | `15` | no |
| health_check_matcher | The HTTP response codes to indicate a healthy check | string | `200-399` | no |
| health_check_path | The destination for the health check request | string | `/` | no |
| health_check_timeout | The amount of time to wait in seconds before failing a health check request | string | `10` | no |
| health_check_unhealthy_threshold | The number of consecutive health check failures required before unhealthy | string | `2` | no |
| hosts | Hosts to match in Hosts header, at least one of hosts or paths must be set | list | `<list>` | no |
| listener_arns | A list of ALB listener ARNs to attach ALB listener rule to | list | `<list>` | no |
| listener_arns_count | The number of ARNs in `listener_arns`. This is necessary to work around a limitation in Terraform where counts cannot be computed | string | `2` | no |
| name | Resource common name | string | - | yes |
| paths | Path pattern to match (a maximum of 1 can be defined), at least one of hosts or paths must be set | list | `<list>` | no |
| port | The port for generated ALB target group (if target_group_arn not set) | string | `80` | no |
| priority | The priority for the rule between 1 and 50000 (1 being highest priority) | string | `100` | no |
| project | Account/Project Name | string | - | yes |
| protocol | The protocol for generated ALB target group (if target_group_arn not set) | string | `HTTP` | no |
| tags | Tags to apply on repository | map | `<map>` | no |
| vpc_id | The VPC ID where resources are created | string | - | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| target_group_arn | ALB Target group ARN |
| target_group_arn_suffix | ALB Target group ARN suffix |
| target_group_name | ALB Target group name |
